Creating a section to backups for blob storage backup and restoring. (#7973)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/build-and-customize-your-solution/handle-deployments-and-environments/media/azure-blob-storage/README.md

In some cases, you might want to store other files in the Blob Storage than Media files.

> Below are the articles describing how to connect to your environment Blob Storage, upload files either through Azure Storage Explorer or programmatically, and back up and restore the Blob Storage.

Reviewer: Shorten a too long sentence:

```suggestion
These articles explain connecting to your Blob Storage, uploading files via Storage Explorer or code, and performing backups and restorations.
```
